feat: Release sales management (#34)
jpgsaraceni/mvp-backend: payment_api/README.md

There is no authentication on this route, because there is no actual payment.

## Payment methods routes
This API accepts the following methods on `/payment-methods`:

### GET

```http
GET /payment-methods
```

Return all of the available payment methods.

Possible responses:
```json
- STATUS CODE 200 OK

{
	"message": "Payment methods fetched successfully",
	"data": {
		"value": [
			{
				"id": <int>,
				"name": <string>
			},
			{
				"id": <int>,
				"name": <string>
			},
		]
	}
}
```

```json
- STATUS CODE 500 Internal Server Error

{
    "detail": <string>
}
```
---
```http
GET /payment-methods/:id
```

> Return an especific payment method by its ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return a specific payment method by its ID.
```

	}
}
```

```json
- STATUS CODE 500 Internal Server Error
- STATUS CODE 422 Unprocessable Entity

{
    "detail": <string>
}
```

---

### PUT
```http
PUT /payment-methods/:id
```
```json
body {
    "name": <string>
}
```
Update the specified payment method with the provided name.

Possible responses:

```json
- STATUS CODE 200 OK

{
	"message": "Payment method updated successfully",
	"data": {
		"insert_id": <int>
	}
}
```

```json
- STATUS CODE 500 Internal Server Error
- STATUS CODE 400 Bad Request
- STATUS CODE 404 Not Found
- STATUS CODE 422 Unprocessable Entity

{
    "detail": <string>
}
```
---
### DELETE
```http
DELETE /payment-methods/:id
```
Delete the specified payment method with the provided name.

Possible responses:

```json
- STATUS CODE 200 OK

{
	"message": "Payment method deleted successfully",
	"data": {
		"delete_id": <int>
	}
}
```

```json
- STATUS CODE 500 Internal Server Error
- STATUS CODE 400 Bad Request
- STATUS CODE 404 Not Found
- STATUS CODE 422 Unprocessable Entity

{
    "detail": <string>
}
```

## Sales routes
This API accepts the following methods on `/sales`:

### GET

```http
GET /sales?client={int}&product={int}&payment-method={int}
```

> Return all sales, accepts filter by `client` ID, `product` ID and `payment-method` ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns all sales, accepts filter by `client` ID, `product` ID and `payment-method` ID.
```

Possible responses:
```json
- STATUS CODE 200 OK

{
	"message": "Sales fetched successfully",
	"data": {
		"value": [
			{
				"id": <int>,
				"client_id": <int>,
				"payment_method_id": <int>,
				"product_id": <int>,
				"amount": <int>,
				"price": <float>
			},
			{
				"id": <int>,
				"client_id": <int>,
				"payment_method_id": <int>,
				"product_id": <int>,
				"amount": <int>,
				"price": <float>
			},
        ]
	}
}
```

```json
- STATUS CODE 500 Internal Server Error

{
    "detail": <string>
}
```
---
```http
GET /sales/:id
```

> Return an especific sale by its ID. Possible responses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return a specific sale by its ID. Possible responses:
```
